Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We're going to go over some of the things the Lord showed us in prayer, but I won't touch a lot of it.
I'm going to talk to you about the articles and some of the things that happened in the news today.
And what we have seen, and then we're just going to pray.
I won't keep you for a long time.
I'm trying to tonight, at least, keep it underneath an hour and a half, two hours, two and a half hours.
It's a long time for some of you.
It's wearing some of you weary.
That is a good word to say.
Some of you want to pray for hours, but I want to get the most of us praying together, and it would be nice to have everybody pray together, wouldn't it, as a family?
Even so, I'll try to put it more at the beginning so that people that want to pray can pray for a little bit.
I want Braden to show you some of the things that he found today.
We thought this was pretty interesting.
Iraq, as we have been praying for Iraq.
When I saw the prince of Persia, I saw that demonic spirit.
It was a massive fallen angel that looked like he had his hands in Iraq and he was pulling it like he was being pulled back as President Trump was bombarding them with bombs and eliminating the Ayatollah and all that was going on.
I saw that demonic spirit, his hands were slipping upon the soil.
Now I know this is a metaphor; it really wasn't doing that.
It is symbolic.
And he was losing his grip on Iraq.
And I saw him perched on that mountain with the nuclear stuff in it.
That prince of Persia was standing there like an old eagle sitting on top of the mountaintop grabbing hold of it, looking out over.
And I said, when I saw him lose his grip, I saw Iraq come up out of the ashes.
What seemed to be great oppression over the course of what is this, 20-something years?
I mean, 20, 25, 26 years.
When did we invade Iraq?
Bush Jr.?
It's a long time ago.
You don't have to look it up.
I think it was 2003, right after 9/11.
There has been a stronghold on Iraq since then, March 19th of 2003, so it was close.
All right, so I saw that demonic principality losing a stronghold.
So as we saw that, I saw buildings rising up, I saw palm trees, and I saw it becoming like Saudi Arabia, major infrastructure, all this stuff.
Oil, oil, oil, as we hear Trump say, oil, oil, oil.
And we have a great hand in Iraq with investments because of what we did with Saddam.
And so I saw voices that were very loud were no longer here.
We took them out.
And those voices that had a great strong influence on Iraq's economy and such were no longer influencing it anymore because they were no longer here.
They're exterminated.
I saw a new leader rising up.
I saw new faces.
And the Lord said, "Pray for this for the bread basket of the world.
You'll see this Babylon rise.
Watch this.
End time signs.
" So today, Iraq, show him.
Iraq elects Kurdish politician.
I don't know how to say his name.
I'm not even going to try.
Iran war fallout.
The prince lost his grip and a new president rose up out of this.
So now we see a Kurdish politician, whatever his name is, rise up.
And I said, "Watch and pray over the things stuff.
Watch and pray over prophecies even from other prophets that have prophesied about this.
" And the Lord said, "We're about to see some things happening with Iraq, pray for it.
" And guess what?
It happened today.
And what does this president specialize in?
He's a banker, businessman.
Who is this guy?
The businessman named as Iraq's PM designated politician outsider is tapped as Iraq's new leader to break a month-long political deadlock.
It's a deadlock.
Okay, it was a deadlock and all this was going on.
Sorry, the political deadlock that was going on with Iraq is now over today.
This guy specializes in banking and finances.
He's a businessman similar to Trump.
We see Nouri al-Maliki is done.
And I say he was bad.
We didn't want Nouri al-Maliki.
He was a bad man.
He was in with Iran.
But I don't know about this new guy.
But the Lord warned us to pray for Iraq as we would see Iraq because of this prince of Persia losing his grip on it.
And so now we see fruit of that.
Today I believe something is a change now.
Is he evil?
I don't know.
We will find out.
I don't know nothing about this man.
I just thought it was interesting that this is what we were seeing about it.
And the Lord said they will be like Saudi Arabia in the days ahead financially with oil and all this.
They will come up out of seemingly nowhere.
You'll see them become the Islamic Brotherhood and all the Islamic whatever will all become friends.
I don't mean to be offensive.
Brandon has to work on tech.
The Holy Spirit corrected me immediately.
I apologize.
I just got in trouble from the Holy Spirit.
So, the devil that's not wanted.
That's better.
Okay, we'll say it's the unwanted devil in the house.
We got rid of it.
Iran was the unwanted devil.
Nobody wanted Iran there.
That's good.
I get flustered when I get corrected like that live.
I go, "Oh, sorry, sorry.
" I walk a thin line, y'all.
I walk a very thin line and I follow him because I have to have him.
I have to have the Holy Spirit.
And when you grieve him and you grieve things when I say things, I feel him withdraw.
It's like I go, "Oh, okay.
Sorry.
We got to fix it because we need him more than we need us.
You don't want Brandon.
I can't do this without him.
I am nothing.
And I depend so much on him on everything I do on this.
So, we see what this is happening and it's what the Lord warned us.
So, praise the Lord.
Next, the United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC in a blow to the oil cartel.
I said, look, look at all this happening today, huh?
What's going on?
Iraq has a new president.
United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC.
All this stuff happening and oil, oil, oil.
What is going on around here?
It's like my friend Billy Buerberg said, "What's going on around here?
" Ready?
Okay.
And then we have the old.
Yep.
Keep going.
So, we have another oil refinery in Russia today.
I wonder what caused it to do that.
Mysterious.
Oil refinery.
Just coincidence, huh?
Is it burnt to the ground?
Burnt to the ground, whatever's left of Russia's oil facility.
It looks charcoal.
It looked like you could have a weenie roast, a weenie roast with toxic fumes.
But yeah, another one.
Is that coincidence?
I think not.
Y'all need to know.
That's why the Lord said, "Pray over Tulsa.
Pray over Louisiana.
Pray over Houston.
For they are targets in the days ahead.
Pray over these facilities and for train tracks, for pipelines.
" And what did the Lord say?
As of April 1st, the Lord said, "Signs in the heavens.
You will start to see major meteors come into the atmosphere and it will bring sonic booms that will break out the glass over your home and businesses.
" They will be so loud.
It will be like a train.
It sounds like a freight train.
What happened today, April the 27th?
We have one in Argentina.
Just happened again.
Another major meteor entered the atmosphere.
Do you see it?
Yep.
Do they see it?
Everybody's freaking out because this one left a sonic boom.
They said it was really loud, from what I understand.
It was a fireball, and everybody could see it for a long ways away.
Some people say it was a sonic boom, from what I understand.
Is that correct?
Yeah, it was loud.
So it fulfilled some of the word that the Lord gave us concerning major signs in the heavens.
We're seeing them.
Wait until the big one comes.
I've seen one that is massive that's coming.
When does it become not a meteor and it's an asteroid?
How big does it have to be to break the meteor category?
I don't know.
A newly discovered asteroid approached Earth closer than our geostationary orbit.
Look at that.
Do you remember I told you I saw a rock headed?
I didn't know this, Braden.
That's amazing.
Newly discovered asteroid 2026 HZ4 approached closer than our satellites two days ago.
It is two to seven meters wide.
That's not the one I saw.
I see one that's massive.
It's the size of a massive house, and it's massive.
So we see signs in the heavens.
They're happening.
Ready?
Next.
Okay, and then there's this record.
We have record rainfall in one hour.
This is weaponizing weather.
I told you they will weaponize weather in the days ahead.
This is not normal.
A city in southern China got over 160 mm of rain in one hour yesterday, shattering local April records.
Cars are submerged and rescue boats are navigating through the streets.
Look at all that rain in one hour.
They're weaponizing the weather.
Look at that.
They're just stranded.
They're just there.
Got to get a lifeboat.
That's not normal.
I said they're going to use weather as a weapon with some kind of HAARP.
We've talked about this over and over again.
There will be great droughts in some places and it will be so dry that it will crack the riverbeds and the lakes and there will be nothing left.
Then there'll be so much weather in some places.
This is what I heard and this is what I saw, and we're seeing it on the news.
We've seen a lot of fireballs and Braden has this report, but I'm not smart enough to tell you what that is.
What is that?
They're saying it was in 20 states.
Yeah, in Germany.
So it goes over each one of the fireballs that have entered into the Earth's atmosphere since the beginning of this year.
Correct.
Look at all of them.
Do you see all that?
That's an acceleration.
There's a lot over America.
I didn't realize there were that many.
This says 2026.
So it must be the same one.
I wonder if that's the same one, right?
Yeah, it probably is.
These are just people that are telling about it.
That's pretty neat.
Your little chart.
Cool.
And then whatever you had, let's listen to him.
What's the Batman?
Professor X or whatever?
One of those guys.
The villain on the Batman.
He's coming to Gotham and he's telling everybody what he's saying.
My fellow citizens of Gotham, what is he saying?
Where's Batman at?
He's not around.
Go ahead and play him.
Let's listen to this guy.
He's an idiot.
New York City faces a budget crisis of a historic magnitude.
We inherited a deficit larger than any since the Great Recession.
Years of mismanagement and chronic underbudgeting alongside a structural imbalance between what New York City sends to the state and what we receive in return have taken a toll.
We cannot close this deficit with savings alone.
We need new revenue and we need a structural reset in our relationship with the state.
That is the only way to meet our legal obligation to pass a balanced budget and to do so without imposing a financial burden onto the backs of working people.
I'm glad to partner with Speaker Menon as we call upon Albany and deliver a balanced budget.
Together, we are extending the executive budget deadline from this coming Friday until May 12th because a crisis of this scale cannot be solved without state action.
I want to be clear, we are not simply asking others to act.
New York City is doing our part.
We are committed to governing with the fiscal responsibility this moment demands.
Speaker Menon and I have already identified meaningful savings and we will continue that work carefully, deliberately, and without cutting the services that New Yorkers rely on, but we cannot do it...
especially in the right eye.
You see that?
That is why we are standing together this morning to underscore what is at stake and to call on Albany to deliver additional revenue.
She knew what I'm talking about here.
She did it immediately.
She's like, 'Don't look at that eye.
' She's talking about that devil in her eye.
She's noticing on there.
And she's going like this immediately.
Don't talk about that devil.
She knew about it.
Look at that.
There it is.
It's in that eye.
I saw it.
What's it doing in there?
How did she let it in?
All right, let's go next.
They're talking about Minnesota.
FBI raids Minneapolis child care facility part of sweeping fraud investigations.
It's coming.
The Red Wave.
I'm telling you, I believe with all my heart that Minneapolis, Minnesota, all this area is going to have a major Red Wave.
I'm praying for Mike Lindell to take this and to win it with a landslide victory in the name of Jesus.
And it's time for Ilhan Omar.
The bees.
They were coming up out of the ground before any of this started to take place.
The Lord showed us bees coming up out of the ground and swarming her head.
I didn't know what I was seeing, but I said they weren't just normal bees.
These were queen bees.
They came up out of the ground and they started swarming her, and I saw them starting to sting her, and I said, 'Her days are almost done.
' And the Lord said, 'Fraud.
' He brought it all up.
Remember, we even have that.
Yes, but it doesn't matter.
We don't have time.
So we see fraud investigation.
FBI is helping out.
Thank God for the FBI.
Next.
I don't have anything else.
Well, that's good.
We got it.
Well, you did good.
Thank you, Braden, for all your hard work.
This one, I need to put my plate.
That was November the 26th.
The Lord gave this word.
December 11th.
Yeah, but that's not when we gave it.
That's whenever you made the short.
Oh, because that was when it was already showing up in the news, right?
And you were just confirming we prophesied it way before...
the Lord gave it to us way before that.
So did we get the word on December 11th?
I think so.
Play it.
Minnesota to flip red for there's major victory.
The people are tired of the corruption.
There's great corruption in Minnesota.
And I see the girl, the African-American woman, she's with that thing on her head.
The Squad.
I'm seeing the Squad.
That girl from the Squad.
And I see her face before me.
It's concerning corruption.
And I see people are fed up with this and want to replace her.
It's time for her to go.
I see corruption, but out of the corruption, there springs forth a hive of bumblebees.
Out of the corruption, big black and yellow bumblebees are coming up around her concerning Minnesota.
Is she even in Minnesota, son?
I don't know why I'm seeing this.
And she may not even be in Minnesota, but we say, 'Brandon, you're missing that big.
' I'm telling you, I'm seeing—you know how when you start a hive and the bees start circling you, trying to sting you, and you start running—these bees are coming up out of the land there.
Beautiful flowers and there's green, and the bees are coming up out of the land and they're circling this woman's head.
The Walz administration responding today to speculation from federal authorities that fraud in Minnesota could total $9 billion or more.
I see a great breakthrough concerning the removal.
We need to stand on this concerning the politics in Minnesota, and I stand with Living Word.
We stand with the church of Living Word and we will continue to pray over this.
This is a major crack in the foundation, and this is because of much prayer from Minnesota.
There's much prayer concerning this.
I'm hearing it and I'm telling you it's all right.
You're not playing anymore.
It's kind of boring, but praise the Lord.
We keep rolling.
We keep going.
You know, I could go over some of the things the Lord showed me last night.
I was very bothered by some of it.
Whenever you get into that river of prayer and it's pulling you and you're praying for the nation, you're praying for the end times like we were last night—and if you were a part of that prayer group, thank you for being here—I truly am so appreciative.
When the Lord asked, 'Can you give me 30 more minutes?
' there were so many of you that stayed and we prayed another 30 minutes.
And when the Lord was showing me the third temple, the new temple, and the two-state solution with Jared, and I saw MBS, I saw leaders in the Middle East rising up and I saw a peace agreement coming.
I saw Ezekiel 38 and 39.
I saw the hook in the jaw.
Do you see right now Russia talking to Iran?
The hook in the jaw.
There are things that are taking place and we are on a rice-paper-thin timeline of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's rice-paper-thin.
Iran is having meetings right now with Putin.
And I thought this was just interesting that there was somebody that pointed out that there are not black diamonds the way that I saw with Putin's hand, that it's not in the card deck, that it would be him cheating.
And I think it's interesting because the things that I see, like I said, I don't play cards.
I don't know anything about poker or what's a good hand and what's not a good hand, you know?
I just think an Ace or whatever is probably good.
I don't know.
So when I see those things and I see him with the diamonds in his hands and people point out the played cards, I don't know.
And I thought, 'Wow.
' So he's cheating.
He's holding his cards.
But Trump had all the hearts.
He had a flush.
After I told Braden we were studying it as a flush, and he was in that raft.
But the Lord shows me as I was praying how close we truly are to the coming of the Lord and where we are going into Rosh Hashanah 9/11.
It starts at sundown of 9/11 going into the 13th, which would be I believe Sunday or whatever, of September.
So the Lord was showing me an acceleration of things.
But as I was looking into this acceleration, I saw a lot of storm.
I saw a lot of darkness.
And I don't like talking about some of this stuff.
It was very heavy.
When I got done, I didn't want to talk about it at all.
I could see the next president.
I could see a new leader coming.
I'll call him the lizard.
I'll call him a chameleon.
All I want to tell you is the church needs to rise up with a backbone like a crowbar.
You know, we're running out of time.
Regardless if you want to believe it or not, there's some people that say we have all these years left.
I'm not going to ever tell you that.
I believe with all my heart that Jesus is coming sooner than later.
He's coming.
And I have an urgency in my heart every time I do these broadcasts to tell you, you must get your heart right before him.
It's time to seek him like you have never been seeking him before.
Fall on your face before a holy God.
And like some people say, 'suck carpet, eat carpet', I don't know, whatever.
Be on your face praying at the altar, whatever it takes.
Get yourself right.
It's not time to play church anymore.
It's not time to be that lukewarm body anymore.
It's not church as usual.
It's church unusual.
We're going to see things we've never seen before.
As we're seeing the birthing pains rise all around, it's increasing all around us in every single nation as you look at this.
So as I was looking into—I was trying, like I said, I am not a theology major when it comes to the book of Revelation and teaching things like Perry Stone or Rick Renner or any of these other people that know the book of Revelation like they could quote it backwards, frontwards, and all sides.
They know where everything's at and they study it and have hours and hours and hours of teaching.
It's very confusing to me.
So when I'm seeing something and I'm looking into it, I'm looking at it going, 'Ezekiel 38 and 39 is the cause for what I could see.
' And don't, if I'm wrong, do not throw rocks at me.
What I was perceiving by my interpretation was that this is what brings forth the peace agreement.
I could see a major war.
I could see a major event coming.
That was the biggest storm.
I could see it on the East Coast.
This storm was so ginormous.
It was a massive storm.
As this storm was trying to overshadow our president, I saw a darkness trying to come upon him.
That was an Antichrist anointing, trying to influence his mind, trying to influence him with great pressure.
He was resisting, but it was the pressure of the end times.
It was the pressure of where we are.
There is such a pull for the end of the end, for this dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
Tribulation is about to begin.
And the birthing pains are all around us.
We've talked about that.
But the pressure of where we are is felt on even the greatest leader, the leader of the free world.
And I saw a darkness that looked like a cloak that was in the background trying to influence him.
And the Lord said, 'Do you see the reason why I'm calling everyone to pray?
To intercede for his mind?
To intercede for him all the time so that he does not get—' If it was anybody else like an Obama or anybody, it tries to engulf you, but you have to submit yourself therefore unto God, resist the devil and he will flee.
Regardless of temptation or whatever, all of us have to do it.
That's what the Bible commissioned and told us to do.
But even him with the greatest position, the leading of all this, this pressure of the end times...
it was pressure.
It looked like someone had put on this black whatever this was, it looked like something that would weigh thousands of pounds on top of his shoulders.
And I was looking at it and he was in the Oval Office and it was trying to change his countenance.
It was trying to change his thinking because it is a spirit.
It's the same kind of demonic spirit that tried to mess with Hitler, but Hitler yielded to it.
It's the difference between somebody saying, 'I'm tempted to do whatever.
' You can either resist it, or you can succumb to the temptation.
Everyone's human.
Do you understand?
And nobody knows the pressure of leading the United States of America.
Nobody does it unless you're a president.
And I saw the pressure of the position, but it wasn't just about leading the Western world or America.
It was about what was influencing the end-time events concerning digital currency, the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, our Bill of Rights, and everything.
It was pressure because it's Agenda 2030.
It's concerning taking away freedoms from people.
Do you understand?
As I was seeing that Illuminati wall with the mask and the demonic cow that was demanding blood sacrifice of children, we see the pressure of everything.
When I was looking at it, I could see the end times.
But then I saw one behind him and I could see dates and I could see somebody that is a chameleon.
As I was looking into this, it kind of freaked me out, and that's why I never use some of these names that I see.
But I saw—I won't call it a betrayal; I'll call it a yielding to it.
Some people have character and some people don't.
Whenever you're thrust into great responsibility when you have not been on the potter's wheel of refining, your character can't handle something that is put on you so quickly.
That's like if you gave someone who is 19 years old a billion dollars and they were never raised with money.
If they were never raised in a household that had money like that and you gave a 19-year-old that kind of money, what would it do to them?
It would destroy them because they don't have the character to handle it.
So, I saw great responsibility come upon people that weren't ready for it.
And as the pressure of something so big—and it wasn't just about America, it was about the end times—President Trump is almost 80; his birthday is coming in May, so he's seasoned.
And he's even struggling.
You can tell with all this pressure, it's something that most of us could never even hold.
That's why I'm trying to tell you all what I saw.
I saw Europe.
I saw certain leaders and I saw great war and the plague.
I could see another plague; I could see a major shaking of the plague.
But at the same time, I could see the church and I could see people running to church.
And the glory was there.
The glorious church was rising and it was something to be seen.
I try to focus more on the glorious side.
Like I said, it's that thin of a line.
It's rice-paper thin.
It's even thinner than that, of how close the glory will be and the darkness.
It's like a quarter.
And there's so many people that don't realize how hard of times there will be for some people.
He said, 'I've warned and I've warned.
I've yelled and I've yelled to warn the people of that which is to come, and they haven't had ears to hear.
They haven't prepared.
Many of you will be caught off guard.
Many of you will make it.
I saw that a lot of you would make it.
But it's the difference between making it and being in abundance, and making it and being in survival mode.
Both make it; one's just more comfortable than the other.
God will always take care of His kids; God will always provide for His kids.
But there's a difference between just eating and having the good of the land.
Does that make sense?
Just because you listen to Him.
Joseph had plenty, but his brothers were lacking and they had to ask him for help.
Joseph's like, 'Well, if you would have been with me, I would have told you how to get everything ready for the last seven years, and you weren't ready, but great famine's coming.
' Joseph knew and he was ready, but his brothers were still taken care of.
They still got everything, but they had to come to themselves in that hard time.
They went to him to ask for help in the drought and the famine.
Maybe that's not a good illustration for what I've seen, but it's something that the people need to understand.
We've never experienced what we're about to experience, especially in this generation.
There's many of you that are so used to going through McDonald's and having it your way that you've never seen some of the things that I have seen in the spirit.
I've never experienced it, but what I see is not really pleasant to my flesh.
I always go, 'Tell me the rapture of the church happens before some of this.
' That's why I get quiet.
Are we really here for that?
The church was here.
I could see it.
It didn't look that great to me.
The church was walking in glory and we were laying hands on people and there was blessing on the people.
Do you remember whenever I said Deuteronomy 6:11?
Yeah, there will be vineyards you do not plant.
Houses filled with all kinds of good things you did not provide.
Wells you did not dig and vineyards and olive groves you did not plant.
Then when you eat and are satisfied, he said there'll be a remnant of you, a one percent, that this wealth transfer is going to be such a blessing that you're going to be able to help the other people out because you listened and obeyed.
And there will be a wealth transfer for houses filled with all kinds of good things you did not provide.
That means you didn't have to work for it.
It's just there.
God did it.
Wells you did not dig.
It took a long time to dig a well back then and get a good one.
Vineyards—a lot of work.
And olive groves you did not plant.
You just got it because the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
That's what He was showing me last night.
And that was concerning certain ministers.
I even brought up John Kilpatrick.
I saw great blessing coming on this man and his church.
I saw certain key members in his church last night that had invested and they're about to come into a lot of money.
When I was in the spirit, I could see this man's church.
I am not affiliated with him at all.
I don't know him.
I don't even watch them.
I've watched a couple of his sermons, but the Lord brings it up to me.
I see his face, but there's something about him that the Lord tells me, 'Pray for this man, for his health, specifically for him to be strong, because God has a plan for his life.
' But He said this to me about this man.
He gave me Deuteronomy for him.
And that was concerning his church.
And the Lord said, 'Lay hold to it.
' He said, 'There's many of you that have not been obedient to doing what He's asking you to do.
You've pushed it away.
You have a call on your life and you've not yielded to it.
You've not been obedient to what God's called you to do.
It's all hands on deck right now.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Will you obey what God has called you to do in these last days and stop running from Him?
He's going to bypass you and go to the next person if you keep putting up your hands and say He's out of time.
He's not begging you.
'You?
You're only 15.
I don't care.
Come on.
How old are you?
You're 12.
Let's do it.
' Nothing's going to disqualify you.
Keep underneath the mighty hand of the Lord and humble yourself.
Keep out of sin.
Keep yourself right before Him by prayer and fasting, seeking Him daily.
Now, if you fall down in sin, you run to God when you sin; you don't run away from Him.
I'm not saying that any of us are perfect.
But I'm not saying you deliberately practice and do things that you know you shouldn't be doing.
Now, if you mess up in life and you drop a bad word or something, people mess up.
I'm talking about people who are deliberately...
you know what, bud?
Let's go to the strip club this weekend and we'll repent on Sunday.
Let's go out and get drunk tonight.
Let's go get wasted.
You know that's wrong, but you do it because, you know what?
It's okay; God knows it's under grace.
You know, it's okay to cheat on your wife or husband or whatever; I'll repent about it.
She's not fulfilling my needs.
He's not fulfilling my needs.
So, I'm just going to go out and, you know, we have an open marriage; it's cool.
It's wrong, and you know it's wrong, but yet you keep dipping in.
The wages of sin is death, and that's what I'm talking about.
You know it's wrong, and you keep trying.
You keep doing the same thing over.
You don't run to God; you run to the devil and his crowd and think, 'Well, I'm saved by grace.
I can live both sides.
One foot is over here and I have one foot over there, and we're okay.
' And those are the ones I'm talking about right now.
It's time to be all in.
It's time to sell out for Jesus, to look at Him as a holy God, and we are made in His image and we need to be holy as He is holy.
I'm going to do everything I can to be as far away from the world and what they want and what they think is cool.
I want to be as close as I can to Him, sitting in His lap, listening to His breath.
What can I do to be closer to Him?
I'm not just right on the edge of living in the world and barely in the church; I want to be all in.
I want to know what His breath smells like if He has breath.
If He has bad breath that day, which I'm sure He doesn't, but if He did, I want to know that He did, or what kind of fragrance He had.
'Did you spray some cologne on, Lord?
I want to know what You have on today.
What is it?
Is it frankincense today?
' I want that because I'm that close.
I just want to know Him.
And I know that when you seek Him, you will find Him because I have those moments like I had last night.
And I could see all that was coming.
And after it was over, the presence filled me.
I could feel it all day today quietly.
I learned to get quieter as I talked to my friend Billy Burke.
He's not a chatterbox.
He stays to himself, and you learn from people who walk with Him.
What does it take?
And what does God say about you whenever I get off the phone with you?
Not that I'm perfect, but it's always a fragrance.
What is the fragrance that you leave in His nostrils?
Does He call you friend?
I love it whenever the Lord says to me, 'Billy's my friend.
' Walk carefully when you talk that way to Him.
'He's my friend.
' It challenges me.
I go, 'He's Your friend.
' Honor Him when you're on the phone.
Say this.
Don't say that.
Don't ever say that.
Don't disrespect Him.
He corrects me about certain things, and I'm just a young guy.
Some things, like I said earlier, just dumb things sometimes come out of your mouth when you chatter.
You talk to somebody that's older and the Lord says, 'Hush.
' What does the Father think about you?
What is the fragrance that you leave around Him?
I want so badly for Him to want to visit my house and feel comfortable here, where He says, 'You know what?
I can go there and I know I won't be grieved.
Take not Thy Spirit from me.
' Kathryn Kuhlman used to say things like that, and I thought she sounded kind of nutty because I was ignorant.
But the older I get and the more I spend at His feet, I realize there is—like I said, I can feel it when He withdraws like that when I said that about the redhead thing.
I went, 'Oh, I grieved it.
It's not right.
' Repent.
Be sensitive.
And the more you spend time with Him, your words are heavy and they have a lot of weight.
And you'll learn you just can't flap your mouth all the time, especially having Him around.
He has an opinion about everything.
The Lord has an opinion about everything.
And He says, 'Think on these things: whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are of good report.
' I could go on and on.
In 1 Corinthians 13, love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
I don't know how many times He corrects me about love.
But faith works by love, and God is love, and the greater part of the anointing is walking in love.
The angels visited.
I remember I told you they said that he doesn't realize that most of what he gets before the Father, he'll be judged upon—what he's judged upon the most—is: how did he walk in love?
How did he treat his fellow brethren?
How did he walk in love?
How did you treat people when you think you're better than them?
Do you bless them?
Do you help the waiter out at the table that's serving you, and they may have had a rough day?
Do you treat them with honor and give them a good tip, or do you just give a little bit?
'Here's a buck.
' What are you going to do with a dollar?
She has to feed her family.
If you can't afford to give a tip, don't go out to eat then.
I say go through the drive-thru, but don't treat people bad.
I always try to walk in love.
I'm not always saying that I've been good at that, but the Lord rebukes me about certain things now.
And He'll say, 'Brandon, that's a poverty mentality.
What you're doing and how you just acted right then is poverty.
' I say, 'Break poverty.
' It's a mindset.
It's a stronghold.
Break poverty off of your life by how you think and how you act, how you sow, what you're believing, what you're saying.
So when I saw it last night and I saw all that, I was bothered—not because of what I saw, but because there are so many of you that have no idea what's coming and you're not ready.
And I've tried so hard to convey to you: it's time for you to learn how to believe God for five dollars.
It's time for you to believe—what if there was no way for you to go get a surgery and you really needed it?
Can you believe God for a toenail that hurts?
When it comes down to it and we're in the end times and we see these things around us, could I believe for the impossible—the surgery—that God would come through?
I saw people around tables that had nothing, and they would hold their hands.
I saw pots of food fill up with beans and cornbread and potatoes.
I saw families that had steaming pots of food within just seconds when they gave grace.
God showed up and did a miracle.
Now, I've heard of other people having the same kind of visions, but the Lord warned me and He said, 'Brandon, the Bible says I've never seen the righteous forsaken or a seed begging bread.
Either you believe it or you don't.
' George Mueller was one of them.
He had the orphanages and all this.
He would start out believing for five dollars, and then he said it was just as easy to believe for five dollars as it was for a million later on in his walk with the Lord.
So he could believe for a million dollars or he could believe for five dollars, but it was the same amount of faith after a while.
He built himself up to it.
So a million dollars wasn't much for him anymore, just like five bucks.
But it took faith and patience.
Faith works.
Work it.
Faith without works is dead.
So, all right, I've talked too much again tonight, but I've tried to warn you all.
You better start activating your faith.
Believe God for the impossible.
Get in the Word.
Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the Word of God.
That's the only way faith comes.
'Well, I bet if I had visitations from Jesus, if I had visitations from angels and all the things that you say you've had, Brandon, I bet I'd have great faith.
' No, it had nothing to do with it.
Because the moment you have challenges, you doubt those things and it comes up in your heart.
The only thing that ever keeps me anchored is the word of God.
Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of God—not an experience.
I don't care what kind of great experience you've had.
If you don't have the word of God down inside of your heart, whenever the storms of life come, the experience never will keep you.
The word will.
And I've seen Jesus nine times now.
He visits and I'll talk to him, and I don't say that to brag.
It's more than that now.
Because he stood here—he came to the house twice.
So over the course of my life now, it's going on a lot.
Why, Brandon?
Why you?
I don't know.
He'll visit any one of you if you seek him.
I'm just thankful when he does.
How many angels?
This is the thing I never tell you.
You know how many times I see demons?
More than I see the other, but I never talk about it.
In fact, I saw three today, but I don't talk about it.
Why give glory to something that's fallen and has already been defeated with your words?
Why give them power in your words?
The more you exalt them—they're exalted by pride—and the more you talk about them, they fluff themselves up.
Why?
Because that's what they're after.
They want you to acknowledge them.
And the more you acknowledge them—'I see a demon there!
I see a demon there!
'—they go, 'Oh, you do?
You see me?
' and they get all excited about it because it's all about pride.
Do you see?
And so many Christians focus on the demonic way too much.
I don't talk about it very long.
And the same thing about witchcraft: I take authority over it and I'll leave it alone.
Hexes and vexes and all that—it's real.
But they don't have power over me.
A curse without a cause cannot stand.
Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 on our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
Either you believe it or you don't.
And this covenant of his blood and what he did for us on that cross—I am seated with him in the heavenlies.
And when you understand and you're a believing believer and you walk in the authority of the believer, nothing shall by any means hurt you.
And I say to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
I have victory no matter what.
So when I tell you I see demonic stuff, yes, but they're defeated.
So why talk about something that's been defeated?
And all these people talking about singing angels and talking angels—I don't believe it.
Do you know?
They are always on assignment to give him glory.
They don't ever bring glory to themselves.
Never.
They always are looking to him.
Every time I've had it, they always are looking to him unless they have a word to tell you.
And the other night, he had an opal outfit and he stood right over here.
He was on assignment.
He gave me a message; he told me what he was supposed to say.
But the moment he stopped speaking, he didn't look at me like he wanted to have pie and coconut milk and a fistbump.
He was looking to the Father immediately.
His eyes were upon our Father, getting strength from him.
And the moment the angels gaze upon our Lord, they get strength.
Their skin glows.
They glow because of the glory.
So if they're always looking to him and they're around him all the time, how much more should you be looking at him as his child?
They never have a mission of their own.
They're on a mission from him to help you.
They're ministering spirits sent forth to the heirs of salvation.
That's what the Bible says.
And then it says we can entertain angels unaware.
Why?
Because they're on an assignment.
Things can happen because he's sent his angels to keep charge over us, lest they bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone—Psalm 91.
And I believe it.
But demons, they're different.
They are always about themselves.
They're always wanting attention.
They always want you to be in fear.
Fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
The more you fear them, the more it is faith in their ability to hurt you.
You have more faith in their ability to hurt you than in God's ability to protect you.
Fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
And they will present themselves to you as big as they can so that you'll gaze upon them instead of our Lord Jesus.
And the more you look at a demon, the more they will get bigger in front of you because they're full of pride.
It's all about them.
So if you ever want to know if you're really talking to a demon versus an angel, always look at them if they're around you.
Look and say, 'Well, I see this.
What are they doing?
' They're looking to the Father.
Angels—demons just want to be exalted.
Does that help you a little bit?
So, there's some of you that are having things knocking on your house, waking you up in the middle of the night with cold chills—something of fear.
You are tormented all the time by demonic spirits.
Anoint your house with oil and tell that devil to get out.
Open the door and say, 'You get out of here right now!
You're not welcome in my house.
' But there are so many people who play pat-a-cake with Casper.
And you think, 'Well, it's just Grandpa.
' No, it's a familiar spirit.
The Bible says to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
You don't have Grandpa hanging around your house.
You don't have Grandma hanging around your house, and it's not your cousin either.
Do you understand?
It is a familiar spirit.
It is something that was assigned and was there watching them and is trying to imitate them.
It's not them.
They're either with Jesus or they're in hell.
There is no in-between.
They're not locked in an alternate universe and they're trapped.
Either you're with him or you're in hell.
So stop playing around.
There's no demonic spirit hanging out at your house—Uncle Freddy or whoever that's up there trying to talk to you through Ouija boards and doing weird stuff.
'Oh, this is your cousin Al.
He's telling you something in a message on a Ouija board.
' That's a demon.
That's not cousin Al.
And people play around with stuff—black magic, warlocks doing chicken spells, drinking blood, and doing all kinds of things that they think—and they're trying to get those devils to help them out.
But guess what?
The very devils you think you control are going to drag your soul to hell.
They're using you as an apparatus into this earth because they are not able to express themselves without a human being.
And they come inside of you to possess you.
They're able to express themselves through a body, and people are stupid and they yield to them.
So there you go—a little bit extra, I guess.
God bless you all.
Let's pray now.
I don't know who that was for, but I felt to say it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body.
You're so good to us, Father.
And we're so thankful, Father, for all that you have done for us—that you died for us, you rose again.
Thank you, Lord, that we're seated with you in the heavenlies.
We're so thankful, Father, that we have the ability to cast out devils.
It's the Great Commission: to raise the dead, to heal the sick, to cast out devils.
Freely we've been given, freely you give it out.
We're so grateful, Father, that tonight it's not our gift; it's your gift on us.
We are just vessels that are just yielded, filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit tonight.
And we lift up this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that you paid the price for us to walk in victory over all of it.
And we take this body in Jesus' name.
Lord, thank you for the blood.
We're so grateful, Father, for the blood.
We cover it.
We plead the blood over this prayer time, Father.
It never loses its power.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And we anoint our heads with oil and our cup runneth over.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us.
And we thank You, Lord Father, that we hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
And we thank You, Father, in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen and amen.
All right, I went a little over.
I want to sing this one; it came up in my spirit today.
I heard an old, old story, how a Savior came from glory, how He gave His life on Calvary to save a wretch like me.
I heard about His groanings, of His precious blood's atoning; then I repented of my sin and won the victory.
Oh, victory in Jesus, my Savior forever!
He sought me and He bought me with His redeeming blood.
He loved me ere I knew Him, and all my love is due to Him; He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood.
Ready?
Number three.
I heard about a mansion He has built for me in glory, and I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea; about the angels singing and an old redemption story, and some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory.
Oh, victory in Jesus, my Savior forever!
He sought me and He bought me with His redeeming blood.
He loved me ere I knew Him, and all my love is due Him; He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood.
I can sing the first verse again; I love it, it was echoing in me.
It's what He wanted to hear.
I heard about a mansion...
Do you understand?
We're almost there.
Heaven's more real than the earth is some days, and you're looking over at things—the great cloud of witnesses.
They're looking and they're watching.
They're anticipating what's about to happen.
I see Kathryn Kuhlman watching.
I see Kim Clement.
They're all watching; they're getting ready for the great show.
The Lord has portals and He allows them to watch, and Kathryn Kuhlman was rooting on my friend Billy, and she was looking at him, so excited about his meetings, and was watching—the Lord allowed her to that night.
And there's so many of you that have had loved ones go before and they're rooting for you.
They're on the other side cheering you on.
They're saying, 'Finish strong.
You're almost there.
' They're cheering you on and they're excited because they know we're about to have that big party up there with them.
I heard about a mansion He has built for me in glory, and I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea; about the angels singing and an old redemption story, and some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory.
Oh, victory in Jesus, my Savior forever!
He sought me and He bought me with His redeeming blood.
He loved me and I knew Him, and all my love is due to Him; He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood.
We're almost there, just a few more days.
We're almost there.
We've got to finish strong.
Don't get weary in well-doing.
He saved the best for last.
He knew what He was doing whenever He put you on this earth.
He didn't make a mistake.
He put the closers in because you were built for pressure.
Nobody else in any generation could have handled what you're going through right now.
The Bible says He will not allow to come on us more than what we can handle.
And you were built for pressure; you were built for a closer.
Do you understand?
We're the closers.
Closing pitchers in baseball are built for pressure.
They don't allow the score or the pressure of the game to get them.
They have a backbone like a crowbar.
And God put you in this place right now because you have what it takes to be on the victory side.
He didn't make a mistake with you.
And so it's our turn to surrender all to Him and come up higher in our prayer life with Him, seeking Him more than we ever could, falling more in love with Jesus.
Don't squander this time.
You're running out of it.
Every second of every day is precious.
If God tells you to bless somebody along the way, bless them.
He may say, 'Hey, I want you to help them out.
' 'That's a lot of money, Lord.
' 'Well, will you help me?
Will you help me out?
' Yeah, I'll deny Him nothing.
I've said it over and over and over again.
Even when my flesh squirms, 'I want you to do this.
' 'Okay.
When?
' 'Now.
' 'Okay.
Okay.
' I had an opportunity today to do it.
There was this lady and she was talking—and I don't say this to brag—but she said, 'The Lord told me to go to Israel.
' And I said, 'So?
' She said, 'I've got the money; I put it on my credit card.
' I said, 'Hmm, interesting.
' Drove off and the Lord said, 'Pay that.
You had a little extra money.
I want you to pay her ticket to go to Israel.
' 'Is that you?
I know you.
' I said, 'Okay.
' So we drove over and I told Dina—the Lord spoke to me the exact same thing at the exact same time—and she said, 'Let's go back and surprise the person.
' So we went up there and we said, 'This is the money we had set aside.
' We gave it to them.
It wasn't something my flesh wanted to do, but it's what He wanted me to do.
After it was over, I drove off and I thought, 'Man, I pray I heard You right.
' He said, 'Thank you.
Thank you.
' I said, 'Lord, even whenever your flesh screams and you don't want to do it, you were built for pressure.
You can either obey and allow Him to use you or you can be a dam and the water doesn't flow through you.
' It was a lot of money to us and He said, 'I want you to give it.
' So we did it.
So the lady's going to do what the Lord told her to do, but she didn't have it.
She was charging it and the Lord didn't want her in debt for it.
And you're just in that right place at that right time and you're having that conversation and the Lord knows you've put the money aside and you're saving for something and then He says, 'Do what I've asked you to do.
' It's interesting to me because you're thinking, 'Well, what is that all about?
' It's none of my business.
He didn't tell me why she's supposed to do this or supposed to do that.
It's none of my business.
He just asked, 'Would you help me?
' So, there's a lot of times the Lord will tell you to do something.
It might be buying somebody's groceries in the grocery store and He'll tell you, 'I want you to help them out.
' And it's not something your flesh wants to do.
But you know His still, small voice inside of you.
'Help them.
' So you just got to learn obedience.
It's where He's at.
And it's a miracle that He would even look my direction.
And I'm thankful that He would.
It's exciting.
So, I'm just trying to help encourage you, just being obedient to the small things and just flowing.
And it's not about Brandon.
I'm trying to tell you my challenges, my experiences, of either you walk in obedience or you don't when He tells you to do something.
Does that make sense?
'Wonderful, the matchless grace of Jesus, deeper than the mighty rolling sea.
Grace all-sufficient for me.
It's broader than the scope of my transgressions.
' Do you have that song?
Yeah, you do.
Wonderful.
'Wonderful, the matchless grace of Jesus, deeper than the mighty rolling sea.
Higher than the mountain, sparkling like a fountain, all-sufficient grace for even me.
Broader than the scope of my transgressions, greater far than all my sin and shame.
Oh, magnify the precious name of Jesus.
Praise His name.
' You know, when Billye Brim sang that, she didn't sing all those verses, did she?
'Oh, magnify the precious name of Jesus.
Praise His name.
' But I like it when she sang that.
'Wonderful, the matchless grace of Jesus, deeper than the mighty rolling sea.
Higher than the mountain, sparkling like a fountain, all-sufficient grace for even me.
Broader than the scope of my transgressions, greater far than all my sin and shame.
Oh, magnify the precious name of Jesus.
Praise His name.
' She sings a lot of those old songs.
Her and Shelly...
Father, we just dedicate this time.
We just want what we sing to you to be an offering of thanksgiving and praise tonight, sitting at your feet, Lord, and breathing in your fragrance.
If there is anything we can help you with, we would like to help.
Is there anything we can help pray through?
Is there anything we can do as we sit before you tonight?
Hallelujah.
Precious Jesus.
Jesus, how I trust You; how we trust You, Lord.
Just let the weight of the glory fill Your house.
I feel Him so strong in my home right now.
Someone is being healed of Lyme disease right now.
I see a tick bite; you were bitten by a tick and you're being healed of Lyme disease right now.
You have suffered with this, and the Lord just said that day is done.
It's over.
Healing flows through your body right now from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
I see your blood is being cleansed.
It has affected your liver too, and your liver is being healed.
Lyme disease is being eradicated out of your body in the name of Jesus.
Be free of that, healed and whole.
No more infection from that tick.
It used to come and go, but now it's going to go and never come again.
The Lord said it was a cycle, and the cycle is gone.
It's broken off of your life, broken in Jesus' name.
It's going to feel like you have fire in your bones right now; it's a Holy Ghost fire flowing through your bones and your blood.
You're feeling warm.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord, He is good and His mercy endures forever.
Lord, have Your way in us.
Wow, I hear these other voices singing with me.
It sounds like Mylon LeFevre's voice.
For he's in the Lord.
Brandon, what you were good at on earth, you'll be even greater at in heaven.
He said if you sang well on earth, Brandon, you're getting even better in heaven.
If you played the piano for Me on earth, you'll be even better at it in heaven.
You hear that?
It's worship.
He'll just magnify the gift that is on you.
It's amplified.
Not magnified like magnetized.
We're magnifying; it's amplified.
You see?
How do I say that word?
That is what he said.
Remember that's what Pastor Candace and Chip were talking about on Wednesday night church with that book?
Oh yeah, I remember that.
Well, hallelujah.
I see a waterfall, and it's time to stand underneath it.
I see a great waterfall.
He said, 'It's time for you to have a lot more fun.
' I receive that for me too, Lord.
He said, 'It's time for people to have more fun.
' Let the raindrops fall on your head.
He's bringing refreshing to South Korea.
I see refreshing coming to Asia.
Hallelujah.
There are ribs being healed.
I see something has been wrong with your ribs.
Is it beyond the ribs?
We apply the blood.
We plead the blood.
We call for breakthrough in housing deals and job deals.
We are calling for better jobs and for finding good jobs.
We call for relocation.
I'm seeing relocation.
You're going to uproot and move from here to there.
You're asking, 'Lord, help provide for my family.
' I see jobs.
Many of you are uprooting and moving, and the Lord said He'll provide good jobs, income, a household, and good schools for your children.
It's putting yourself in position for what I've called you to do this day.
Hallelujah.
I see people moving to be around John Kilpatrick's church.
I see people uprooting and moving around Tennessee.
There will be transplants into churches.
I see people moving because God called you to do churches; you're going to be a transplant to cities.
Go to the place called 'there' when you hear the voice of the Lord tell you to go.
Hold fast to that which He's called you to do.
There's such an anointing in this house.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord, He is good and His mercy endures forever.
Thank you, Lord, for all that You have provided for me.
Thank you, Lord, for what You have provided for them.
We pray over their overflow.
We thank You, Lord.
Now, Father, we lift up our nations before You.
We lift up President Trump and his family.
I see the churches.
Hallelujah.
You can feel it.
It's like when you see a clock tick and you wait for that second hand to come back around again.
Where we are right now is 'tick, tick, tick.
' We thank You, Lord.
Every single one of these things is a hot spot for breakthrough.
I see a great breakthrough.
Some of you have been believing for a financial outpouring, and I see a great breakthrough.
Father, let it pour on the people like ripe cherries off a tree.
Do you have your massive bucket ready?
It's beginning to rain.
This is for the last harvest.
As of today, the devil has lost his foothold.
Breakthrough in people's finances is happening right now.
Get ready for that stimulus.
Father, we pray for the month of May.
We call for clarity.
It's the rocket fuel to the rocket.
It will look like a wave happens all at once.
There will be so many different avenues happening; it will look like open doors.
Pray for the month of May and the rest of this week.
Watch the housing market.
Pray.
It's the stimulus.
What is being discussed with President Trump right now?
May, June, July, August, September, October, and November is the election.
It's a surprise!
I'm not surprised.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Oh, man, my throat's itching.
I had to drink more water.
Thank you.
But when I'm praying like that, my mouth gets real dry.
My throat gets dry.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we're so grateful for the overflow.
We break the strongholds of the enemy off the land.
And we thank you, Father, for victory—victory in every area of our life.
Victory.
Hallelujah.
Paisley's sure praying in there, ain't she?
She is praying loud.
I love that little kid; she's a praying machine, man.
She's praying for me.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Father.
I was tapping into her vein because I can feel her pull and her flow.
And so I'm listening to it.
It's pulling me in there, and I'm listening to her because she hit a vein, the little kid, and she knows how to intercede like that.
And I listen to where she's at, and I'm trying to feel where my little girl's at because I can hear her travail.
Hallelujah.
Well, we thank you for being here.
We truly do, every single one of you.
We're so grateful for all that you have spent your time with us every single time.
What is she?
Where is that vein, Lord?
I hear what it is.
She said she's praying for the youth of the nation, Braden.
Wow.
For He said, 'I told you even through prophets of old that I would pour out my Spirit upon all flesh, the young ones and the old.
' Smith Wigglesworth said it would start with the youth, too—a great revival with the youth.
A great revival with the young people.
That's what he said.
Satan came after the youth hard, but I'm coming after them harder.
Can you crack the door a bit?
They say they can hear.
Oh, here.
No, that one.
I couldn't figure out where she's praying.
This glory.
You are awesome.
Praise the Lord.
You can hear she's so precious.
I sit there and listen to her vein because I'm listening to what He's talking to her about.
Well, praise the Lord.
So you see, what you learn is you'll allow the youth to lead and you just jump in the river with them.
It ain't about you all the time.
And that's why I listen to her and I know she's in that vein.
I can feel it.
She's pulling me to pray.
And so I just join in.
Yeah, pastor.
Hello.
Hallelujah.
I see you.
William, almost right here.
She's calling angels.
I can hear it.
It's for the souls.
It's the lost souls.
She's praying for them.
I can hear her interpreting tongues.
I'm listening to it.
She's talking about bringing them in.
In the spirit when she's praying, she's travailing, and I see coming out of the throne when she's praying—and I could see the veil.
It's pulling out of these angels for aid and assistance.
And He's sending the angel armies.
And I hear the travail of the child calling forth the angels' aid and assistance.
And there'll be a great revival with the youth.
There'll be a great revival with the youth.
I'm calling for a great revival.
I see, and again I see, John, a youth revival.
And it's going to spread all around this nation.
A great youth revival.
Revival with the youth.
Oh, I see youth revival all throughout stadiums of worship.
And the revival that will happen in Cuba will be with youth.
I see a stirring in the youth.
And the revival in the youth in Cuba, and it will spread throughout Asia.
And I see a revival with the youth.
A revival with the youth in Australia.
I see a revival with the youth in Canada.
I see a revival with the youth.
I see a revival with the youth all over Minnesota and a great wave of revival with a stirring of the youth.
The stirring of the youth.
I see it's about Collinsville and the youth.
I see it again.
It's a revival of the youth.
I see it with that youth building.
It's about the youth.
It's about the youth, the revival in the youth.
And the glory will come.
And the glory.
It's what's going to happen at Perry's Church, too.
It's a revival of the youth.
And these songs—new songs are coming up.
New songs, new rivers, a new flow of new songs.
Greater, glorious songs.
Out of the throne room.
Glorious songs.
You have it.
Catch it.
I see it.
It's up to you.
Hallelujah.
Praise the Lord.
Lord said, 'We're done tonight.
' That's good.
Thank you, Father.
I feel the Holy Ghost and fire.
We did it.
We pushed over there and I'm seeing it.
It's going to be on the youth.
I'm talking like a glorious outpouring on the youth.
Holy Ghost and fire on the youth, like conferences full of youth just weeping before the Lord, touching the hearts of the youth.
It's not just about the elders.
It's going to be about the youth.
You'll have all kinds: the boomers, the millennials, whatever.
It's going to go, and He's pouring out His Spirit upon all flesh, and it's going to be amazing.
It's time to get excited.
As I saw the angels' aid and assistance, the angels coming to help us.
Thank you, Father.
We have anticipation for the manifestations of the glory.
Hallelujah.
Well, I'm glad you came tonight.
Are you glad you came tonight to pray with us?
Thank you for being here.
What a wonderful time of prayer we had.
That was awesome.
That was fun.
I love that.
I was listening to Paisley and I was thinking, 'What in the world is going on in there?
' Her and Diana praying for us.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Well, we praise the Lord and thank God for every single one of you that came out and prayed with us.
We'll be here again tomorrow.
We'll keep praying for the nations, praying for everything the Lord has for us.
And I pray you're refreshed.
I pray it blessed you.
Have a wonderful day and a wonderful night.
Sleep well.
If you're sleeping in America, it's time to go to bed.
But we're so glad you came, and we will do it again tomorrow.
Love you.
Thank you for joining us, and for all the people who are liking the video, please like it.
Please subscribe.
If you don't like it, then put a thumbs down.
But we appreciate the thumbs up and we appreciate the comments down below to help us with the algorithm.
Let's try to get it above 10,000 again—10,000 likes.
We really would appreciate it.
It's all about getting the glory out through the gospel.
It's about Jesus.
Every single time you say you like it, you're liking it for Jesus.
Like Diana said, 'Like it for Jesus.
' It's not for Brandon.
It's his channel.
It has nothing to do with me.
So, we're so grateful for every single one of you.
We love you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.